h1. Textile Example Site

p. "Textile":http://www.txstyle.org/ is a lightweight markup language. It is supported on "GitHub":https://github.com/ (e.g. @README.textile@, comments, issues, etc), as well as "Jekyll":http://jekyllrb.com/, "Mylyn":http://www.eclipse.org/mylyn/ and others.

p. This document is written in Textile and the following examples show the features of Textile.

h2. Examples

p. You can use numeric lists

# with some
# items

p. and of course also bullet lists

* like
* this.

p. or a mixture between the two

* This is a bullet
*# this is the start of an enumerated list within a bulleted list
*# this is another item list of an enumerated list within a bulleted list
**# this is another level of an enumerated list within a bulleted list
* This is another bullet

p. It is possible to create tables

|_. Header1 |_. Header2 |_. Header3 |
| Cell 1 | Cell 2 | Cell 3 |
| Cell 1 | Cell 2 | Cell 3 |

p. You can @inline some code@, but also create a block quote

bc.. public class Textile {

    public static final String MESSAGE = "Textile is awesome!"

}

p. It is possible to __emphasize__ text, as well as *strongly emphasize* it.

p. You can use different level of headings

h1. An HTML first-level heading

h2. An HTML second-level heading

h3. An HTML third-level heading

h4. An HTML fourth-level heading

h5. An HTML fifth-level heading

h6. An HTML sixth-level heading

p. or blockquotes

bq. This text will be enclosed in an HTML blockquote element.

p. and footnotes:

Text with a link to some reference[1]

fn1. Footnote explanation

h2. Reference

p. See the "reference documentation":http://www.txstyle.org/ for more details and examples.